# gl_ViewportIndex
contains the index of the viewport to be used in viewport
  transformation and scissoring

## Description
In the geometry language, [`Gl::viewport_index`] is used to specify
  the index of the viewport to which the next primitive emitted from the
  shader should be drawn. Primitives generated by the geometry shader
  will undergo viewport transformation and scissor testing using the
  viewport transformation and scissor rectangle selected by the value of
  [`Gl::viewport_index`]. The viewport index used will come from one of
  the vertices in the primitive being shaded. However, which vertex the
  viewport index comes from is implementation-defined, and so it is
  recommended to use the same viewport index for all vertices of a
  primitive. If a geometry shader does not assign a value to
  [`Gl::viewport_index`], viewport transform and scissor rectangle zero
  will be used. If a geometry shader statically assigns a value to
  [`Gl::viewport_index`] and there is a path through the shader that
  does not assign a value to [`Gl::viewport_index`], the value of
  [`Gl::viewport_index`] is undefined for executions of the shader that
  take that path.
In the fragment language, [`Gl::viewport_index`] will have the same
  value that was written to the output variable [`Gl::viewport_index`]
  in the geometry stage. If the geometry stage does not dynamically
  assign to [`Gl::viewport_index`], the value of [`Gl::viewport_index`]
  in the fragment shader will be undefined. If the geometry stage makes
  no static assignment to [`Gl::viewport_index`], the fragment stage
  will read zero. Otherwise, the fragment stage will read the same value
  written by the geometry stage, even if that value is out of range. If
  a fragment shader contains a static access to [`Gl::viewport_index`],
  it will count against the implementation defined limit for the maximum
  number of inputs to the fragment stage.

## See Also
- [`Gl::layer`]
