# glBindBuffersRange
bind ranges of one or more buffer objects to a sequence of indexed
  buffer targets

## Parameters
- `target`
  Specify the target of the bind operation. `target` must be one of
  [`gl::ATOMIC_COUNTER_BUFFER`], [`gl::TRANSFORM_FEEDBACK_BUFFER`],
  [`gl::UNIFORM_BUFFER`] or [`gl::SHADER_STORAGE_BUFFER`].

## Description
[`Gl::bind_buffers_range`] binds a set of `count` ranges from buffer
  objects whose names are given in the array `buffers` to the `count`
  consecutive binding points starting from index `first` of the array of
  targets specified by `target`. `offsets` specifies the address of an
  array containing `count` starting offsets within the buffers, and
  `sizes` specifies the address of an array of `count` sizes of the
  ranges. If `buffers` is [`NULL`] then `offsets` and `sizes` are
  ignored and [`Gl::bind_buffers_range`] unbinds any buffers that are
  currently bound to the referenced binding points. Assuming no errors
  are generated, it is equivalent to the following pseudo-code, which
  calls [`Gl::bind_buffer_range`], with the exception that the non-
  indexed `target` is not changed by [`Gl::bind_buffers_range`]:
Each entry in `buffers`, `offsets`, and `sizes` will be checked
  individually and if found to be invalid, the state for that buffer
  binding index will not be changed and an error will be generated.
  However, the state for other buffer binding indices referenced by the
  command will still be updated.

## Notes
[`Gl::bind_buffers_base`] is available only if the GL version is 4.4
  or higher.

## Errors
- [`gl::INVALID_ENUM`] is generated if `target` is not
  [`gl::ATOMIC_COUNTER_BUFFER`], [`gl::TRANSFORM_FEEDBACK_BUFFER`],
  [`gl::UNIFORM_BUFFER`] or [`gl::SHADER_STORAGE_BUFFER`].
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] is generated if `first` + `count` is greater
  than the number of target-specific indexed binding points.
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] is generated if any value in `buffers` is
  not zero or the name of an existing buffer object.
- [`gl::INVALID_VALUE`] is generated by if any value in `offsets` is
  less than zero or if any value in `sizes` is less than zero.
- [`gl::INVALID_VALUE`] is generated if any pair of values in `offsets`
  and `sizes` does not respectively satisfy the constraints described
  for those parameters for the specified target.

## See Also
- [`Gl::gen_buffers`]
- [`Gl::delete_buffers`]
- [`Gl::bind_buffer`]
- [`Gl::bind_buffer_base`]
- [`Gl::bind_buffer_range`]
- [`Gl::bind_buffers_range`]
- [`Gl::map_buffer`]
- [`Gl::unmap_buffer`]
