# glBindTextures
bind one or more named textures to a sequence of consecutive texture
  units

## Parameters
- `first`
  Specifies the first texture unit to which a texture is to be bound.

## Description
[`Gl::bind_textures`] binds an array of existing texture objects to a
  specified number of consecutive texture units. `count` specifies the
  number of texture objects whose names are stored in the array
  `textures`. That number of texture names are read from the array and
  bound to the `count` consecutive texture units starting from `first`.
  The target, or type of texture is deduced from the texture object and
  each texture is bound to the corresponding target of the texture unit.
  If the name zero appears in the `textures` array, any existing binding
  to any target of the texture unit is reset and the default texture for
  that target is bound in its place. Any non-zero entry in `textures`
  must be the name of an existing texture object. If `textures` is
  [`NULL`] then it is as if an appropriately sized array containing only
  zeros had been specified.
With the exception that the active texture selector maintains its
  current value, [`Gl::bind_textures`] is equivalent to the following
  pseudo code:
Each entry in `textures` will be checked individually and if found to
  be invalid, the state for that texture unit will not be changed and an
  error will be generated. However, the state for other texture units
  referenced by the command will still be updated.

## Notes
[`Gl::bind_textures`] is available only if the GL version is 4.4 or
  higher.
Note that because [`Gl::bind_textures`] cannot create new textures
  (even if a name passed has been previously generated by call to
  [`Gl::gen_textures`]), names passed to [`Gl::bind_textures`] must have
  been bound at least once previously via a call to
  [`Gl::bind_texture`].

## Errors
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] is generated if `first` + `count` is greater
  than the number of texture image units supported by the
  implementation.
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] is generated if any value in textures is not
  zero or the name of an existing texture object.

## See Also
- [`Gl::bind_texture`]
- [`Gl::delete_textures`]
- [`Gl::gen_textures`]
- [`Gl::get`]
- [`Gl::get_tex_parameter`]
- [`Gl::is_texture`]
- [`Gl::tex_image1d`]
- [`Gl::tex_image2d`]
- [`Gl::tex_image2d_multisample`]
- [`Gl::tex_image3d`]
- [`Gl::tex_image3d_multisample`]
- [`Gl::tex_buffer`]
- [`Gl::tex_parameter`]
