# glBindImageTextures
bind one or more named texture images to a sequence of consecutive
  image units

## Parameters
- `first`
  Specifies the first image unit to which a texture is to be bound.

## Description
[`Gl::bind_image_textures`] binds images from an array of existing
  texture objects to a specified number of consecutive image units.
  `count` specifies the number of texture objects whose names are stored
  in the array `textures`. That number of texture names are read from
  the array and bound to the `count` consecutive texture units starting
  from `first`. If the name zero appears in the `textures` array, any
  existing binding to the image unit is reset. Any non-zero entry in
  `textures` must be the name of an existing texture object. When a non-
  zero entry in `textures` is present, the image at level zero is bound,
  the binding is considered layered, with the first layer set to zero,
  and the image is bound for read-write access. The image unit format
  parameter is taken from the internal format of the image at level zero
  of the texture object. For cube map textures, the internal format of
  the positive X image of level zero is used. If `textures` is [`NULL`]
  then it is as if an appropriately sized array containing only zeros
  had been specified.
[`Gl::bind_image_textures`] is equivalent to the following pseudo
  code:
Each entry in `textures` will be checked individually and if found to
  be invalid, the state for that image unit will not be changed and an
  error will be generated. However, the state for other texture image
  units referenced by the command will still be updated.

## Notes
[`Gl::bind_image_textures`] is available only if the GL version is 4.4
  or higher.
Note that because [`Gl::bind_image_textures`] cannot create new
  textures (even if a name passed has been previously generated by call
  to [`Gl::gen_textures`]), names passed to [`Gl::bind_image_textures`]
  must have been bound at least once previously via a call to
  [`Gl::bind_texture`].

## Errors
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] is generated if `first` + `count` is greater
  than the number of image units supported by the implementation.
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] is generated if any value in `textures` is
  not zero or the name of an existing texture object.
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] error is generated if the internal format of
  the level zero texture image of any texture in textures is not
  supported.
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] error is generated if the width, height, or
  depth of the level zero texture image of any texture in textures is
  zero.

## See Also
- [`Gl::bind_texture`]
- [`Gl::bind_textures`]
- [`Gl::delete_textures`]
- [`Gl::gen_textures`]
- [`Gl::get`]
- [`Gl::get_tex_parameter`]
- [`Gl::is_texture`]
- [`Gl::tex_storage1d`]
- [`Gl::tex_storage2d`]
- [`Gl::tex_storage2d_multisample`]
- [`Gl::tex_storage3d`]
- [`Gl::tex_storage3d_multisample`]
- [`Gl::tex_buffer`]
- [`Gl::tex_parameter`]
