# glBindVertexBuffers
attach multiple buffer objects to a vertex array object

## Parameters
- `vaobj`
  Specifies the name of the vertex array object for
  [`Gl::vertex_array_vertex_buffers`].

## Description
[`Gl::bind_vertex_buffers`] and [`Gl::vertex_array_vertex_buffers`]
  bind storage from an array of existing buffer objects to a specified
  number of consecutive vertex buffer binding points units in a vertex
  array object. For [`Gl::bind_vertex_buffers`], the vertex array object
  is the currently bound vertex array object. For
  [`Gl::vertex_array_vertex_buffers`], `vaobj` is the name of the vertex
  array object.
`count` existing buffer objects are bound to vertex buffer binding
  points numbered $first$ through $first + count - 1$. If `buffers` is
  not NULL, it specifies an array of `count` values, each of which must
  be zero or the name of an existing buffer object. `offsets` and
  `strides` specify arrays of `count` values indicating the offset of
  the first element and stride between elements in each buffer,
  respectively. If `buffers` is NULL, each affected vertex buffer
  binding point from $first$ through $first + count - 1$ will be reset
  to have no bound buffer object. In this case, the offsets and strides
  associated with the binding points are set to default values, ignoring
  `offsets` and `strides`.
[`Gl::bind_vertex_buffers`] is equivalent (assuming no errors are
  generated) to: ```c for (i = 0; i < count; i++) { if (buffers == NULL)
  { glBindVertexBuffer(first + i, 0, 0, 16); } else {
  glBindVertexBuffer(first + i, buffers[i], offsets[i], strides[i]); } }
  ``` except that buffers will not be created if they do not exist.
[`Gl::vertex_array_vertex_buffers`] is equivalent to the pseudocode
  above, but replacing [`Gl::bind_vertex_buffers`](args) with
  [`Gl::vertex_array_vertex_buffers`](vaobj, args).
The values specified in `buffers`, `offsets`, and `strides` will be
  checked separately for each vertex buffer binding point. When a value
  for a specific vertex buffer binding point is invalid, the state for
  that binding point will be unchanged and an error will be generated.
  However, state for other vertex buffer binding points will still be
  changed if their corresponding values are valid.

## Errors
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] is generated by [`Gl::bind_vertex_buffers`]
  if no vertex array object is bound.
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] is generated by
  [`Gl::vertex_array_vertex_buffers`] if `vaobj` is not the name of the
  vertex array object.
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] is generated if $first + count$ is greater
  than the value of [`gl::MAX_VERTEX_ATTRIB_BINDINGS`].
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] is generated if any value in [`buffers`] is
  not zero or the name of an existing buffer object.
- [`gl::INVALID_VALUE`] is generated if any value in `offsets` or
  `strides` is negative, or if a value is `stride` is greater than the
  value of [`gl::MAX_VERTEX_ATTRIB_STRIDE`].

## See Also
- [`Gl::gen_buffers`]
- [`Gl::bind_buffer`]
- [`Gl::delete_buffers`]
- [`Gl::delete_textures`]
