# glBufferSubData
updates a subset of a buffer object's data store

## Parameters
- `target`
  Specifies the target to which the buffer object is bound for
  [`Gl::buffer_sub_data`], which must be one of the buffer binding
  targets in the following table:

## Description
[`Gl::buffer_sub_data`] and [`Gl::named_buffer_sub_data`] redefine
  some or all of the data store for the specified buffer object. Data
  starting at byte offset `offset` and extending for `size` bytes is
  copied to the data store from the memory pointed to by `data`.
  `offset` and `size` must define a range lying entirely within the
  buffer object's data store.

## Notes
When replacing the entire data store, consider using
  [`Gl::buffer_sub_data`] rather than completely recreating the data
  store with [`Gl::buffer_data`]. This avoids the cost of reallocating
  the data store.
Consider using multiple buffer objects to avoid stalling the rendering
  pipeline during data store updates. If any rendering in the pipeline
  makes reference to data in the buffer object being updated by
  [`Gl::buffer_sub_data`], especially from the specific region being
  updated, that rendering must drain from the pipeline before the data
  store can be updated.
Clients must align data elements consistent with the requirements of
  the client platform, with an additional base-level requirement that an
  offset within a buffer to a datum comprising $N$ bytes be a multiple
  of $N$.
The [`gl::ATOMIC_COUNTER_BUFFER`] target is available only if the GL
  version is 4.2 or greater.
The [`gl::DISPATCH_INDIRECT_BUFFER`] and [`gl::SHADER_STORAGE_BUFFER`]
  targets are available only if the GL version is 4.3 or greater.
The [`gl::QUERY_BUFFER`] target is available only if the GL version is
  4.4 or greater.

## Errors
- [`gl::INVALID_ENUM`] is generated by [`Gl::buffer_sub_data`] if
  `target` is not one of the accepted buffer targets.
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] is generated by [`Gl::buffer_sub_data`] if
  zero is bound to `target`.
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] is generated by
  [`Gl::named_buffer_sub_data`] if `buffer` is not the name of an
  existing buffer object.
- [`gl::INVALID_VALUE`] is generated if `offset` or `size` is negative,
  or if $offset + size$ is greater than the value of [`gl::BUFFER_SIZE`]
  for the specified buffer object.
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] is generated if any part of the specified
  range of the buffer object is mapped with [`Gl::map_buffer_range`] or
  [`Gl::map_buffer`], unless it was mapped with the
  [`gl::MAP_PERSISTENT_BIT`] bit set in the [`Gl::map_buffer_range`]
  `access` flags.
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] is generated if the value of the
  [`gl::BUFFER_IMMUTABLE_STORAGE`] flag of the buffer object is
  [`gl::TRUE`] and the value of [`gl::BUFFER_STORAGE_FLAGS`] for the
  buffer object does not have the [`gl::DYNAMIC_STORAGE_BIT`] bit set.

## See Also
- [`Gl::bind_buffer`]
- [`Gl::buffer_data`]
- [`Gl::map_buffer`]
- [`Gl::map_buffer_range`]
- [`Gl::unmap_buffer`]
