# glClearBuffer
clear individual buffers of a framebuffer

## Parameters
- `framebuffer`
  Specifies the name of the framebuffer object for
  [`Gl::clear_named_framebuffer*`].

## Description
These commands clear a specified buffer of a framebuffer to specified
  value(s). For [`Gl::clear_buffer*`], the framebuffer is the currently
  bound draw framebuffer object. For [`Gl::clear_named_framebuffer*`],
  `framebuffer` is zero, indicating the default draw framebuffer, or the
  name of a framebuffer object.
`buffer` and `drawbuffer` identify the buffer to clear.
If `buffer` is [`gl::COLOR`], a particular draw buffer
  [`gl::DRAW_BUFFER`]`i` is specified by passing `i` as `drawbuffer`,
  and `value` points to a four-element vector specifying the R, G, B and
  A color to clear that draw buffer to. If the value of
  [`gl::DRAW_BUFFER`]`i` is [`gl::NONE`], the command has no effect.
  Otherwise, the value of [`gl::DRAW_BUFFER`]`i` identifies one or more
  color buffers, each of which is cleared to the same value. Clamping
  and type conversion for fixed-point color buffers are performed in the
  same fashion as for [`Gl::clear_color`]. The [`Gl::*fv`], [`Gl::*iv`]
  and [`Gl::*uiv`] forms of these commands should be used to clear
  fixed- and floating-point, signed integer, and unsigned integer color
  buffers respectively.
If `buffer` is [`gl::DEPTH`], `drawbuffer` must be zero, and `value`
  points to a single value to clear the depth buffer to. Clamping and
  type conversion for fixed-point depth buffers are performed in the
  same fashion as for [`Gl::clear_depth`]. Only the [`Gl::*fv`] forms of
  these commands should be used to clear depth buffers; other forms do
  not accept a `buffer` of [`gl::DEPTH`].
If `buffer` is [`gl::STENCIL`], `drawbuffer` must be zero, and `value`
  points to a single value to clear the stencil buffer to. Masking is
  performed in the same fashion as for [`Gl::clear_stencil`]. Only the
  [`Gl::*iv`] forms of these commands should be used to clear stencil
  buffers; be used to clear stencil buffers; other forms do not accept a
  `buffer` of [`gl::STENCIL`].
[`Gl::clear_bufferfi`] and [`Gl::clear_named_framebufferfi`] are used
  to clear the depth and stencil buffers simultaneously. `buffer` must
  be [`gl::DEPTH_STENCIL`] and `drawbuffer` must be zero. `depth` and
  `stencil` are the values to clear the depth and stencil buffers to,
  respectively. Clamping and type conversion of `depth` for fixed-point
  depth buffers are performed in the same fashion as for
  [`Gl::clear_depth`]. Masking of `stencil` for stencil buffers is
  performed in the same fashion as for [`Gl::clear_stencil`]. These
  commands are equivalent to clearing the depth and stencil buffers
  separately, but may be faster when a buffer of internal format
  [`gl::DEPTH_STENCIL`] is being cleared. The same per-fragment and
  masking operations defined for [`Gl::clear`] are applied.
The result of these commands is undefined if no conversion between the
  type of the specified `value` and the type of the buffer being cleared
  is defined (for example, if [`Gl::clear_bufferiv`] is called for a
  fixed- or floating-point buffer, or if [`Gl::clear_bufferfv`] is
  called for a signed or unsigned integer buffer). This is not an error.

## Errors
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] is generated by
  [`Gl::clear_named_framebuffer*`] if `framebuffer` is not zero or the
  name of an existing framebuffer object.
- [`gl::INVALID_ENUM`] is generated by [`Gl::clear_bufferiv`] and
  [`Gl::clear_named_framebufferiv`] `buffer` is not [`gl::COLOR`] or
  [`gl::STENCIL`].
- [`gl::INVALID_ENUM`] is generated by [`Gl::clear_bufferuiv`] and
  [`Gl::clear_named_framebufferuiv`] `buffer` is not [`gl::COLOR`].
- [`gl::INVALID_ENUM`] is generated by [`Gl::clear_bufferfv`] and
  [`Gl::clear_named_framebufferfv`] `buffer` is not [`gl::COLOR`] or
  [`gl::DEPTH`].
- [`gl::INVALID_ENUM`] is generated by [`Gl::clear_bufferfi`] and
  [`Gl::clear_named_framebufferfi`] `buffer` is not
  [`gl::DEPTH_STENCIL`].
- [`gl::INVALID_VALUE`] is generated if `buffer` is [`gl::COLOR`]
  `drawbuffer` is negative, or greater than the value of
  [`gl::MAX_DRAW_BUFFERS`] minus one.
- [`gl::INVALID_VALUE`] is generated if `buffer` is [`gl::DEPTH`],
  [`gl::STENCIL`] or [`gl::DEPTH_STENCIL`] and `drawbuffer` is not zero.

## See Also
- [`Gl::clear_color`]
- [`Gl::clear_depth`]
- [`Gl::clear_stencil`]
- [`Gl::clear`]
