# glClearBufferSubData
fill all or part of buffer object's data store with a fixed value

## Parameters
- `target`
  Specifies the target to which the buffer object is bound for
  [`Gl::clear_buffer_sub_data`], which must be one of the buffer binding
  targets in the following table:

## Description
[`Gl::clear_buffer_sub_data`] and [`Gl::clear_named_buffer_sub_data`]
  fill a specified region of a buffer object's data store with data from
  client memory.
`offset` and `size` specify the extent of the region within the data
  store of the buffer object to fill with data. Data, initially supplied
  in a format specified by `format` in data type `type` is read from the
  memory address given by `data` and converted into the internal
  representation given by `internalformat`, which must be one of the
  following sized internal formats:
This converted data is then replicated throughout the specified region
  of the buffer object's data store. If `data` is NULL, then the
  subrange of the buffer's data store is filled with zeros.

## Errors
- [`gl::INVALID_ENUM`] is generated by [`Gl::clear_buffer_sub_data`] if
  `target` is not one of the generic buffer binding targets.
- [`gl::INVALID_VALUE`] is generated by [`Gl::clear_buffer_sub_data`] if
  no buffer is bound to `target`.
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] is generated by
  [`Gl::clear_named_buffer_sub_data`] if `buffer` is not the name of an
  existing buffer object.
- [`gl::INVALID_ENUM`] is generated if `internalformat` is not one of
  the valid sized internal formats listed in the table above.
- [`gl::INVALID_VALUE`] is generated if `offset` or `range` are not
  multiples of the number of basic machine units per-element for the
  internal format specified by `internalformat`. This value may be
  computed by multiplying the number of components for `internalformat`
  from the table by the size of the base type from the table.
- [`gl::INVALID_VALUE`] is generated if `offset` or `size` is negative,
  or if $offset + size$ is greater than the value of [`gl::BUFFER_SIZE`]
  for the buffer object.
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] is generated if any part of the specified
  range of the buffer object is mapped with [`Gl::map_buffer_range`] or
  [`Gl::map_buffer`], unless it was mapped with the
  [`gl::MAP_PERSISTENT_BIT`] bit set in the [`Gl::map_buffer_range`]
  `access` flags.
- [`gl::INVALID_VALUE`] is generated if `format` is not a valid format,
  or `type` is not a valid type.

## See Also
- [`Gl::clear_buffer_data`]
