# glClearBufferData
fill a buffer object's data store with a fixed value

## Parameters
- `target`
  Specifies the target to which the buffer object is bound for
  [`Gl::clear_buffer_data`], which must be one of the buffer binding
  targets in the following table:

## Description
[`Gl::clear_buffer_data`] and [`Gl::clear_named_buffer_data`] fill the
  entirety of a buffer object's data store with data from client memory.
Data, initially supplied in a format specified by `format` in data
  type `type` is read from the memory address given by `data` and
  converted into the internal representation given by `internalformat`,
  which must be one of the following sized internal formats:
This converted data is then replicated throughout the buffer object's
  data store. If `data` is NULL, then the buffer's data store is filled
  with zeros.

## Errors
- [`gl::INVALID_ENUM`] is generated by [`Gl::clear_buffer_data`] if
  `target` is not one of the generic buffer binding targets.
- [`gl::INVALID_VALUE`] is generated by [`Gl::clear_buffer_data`] if no
  buffer is bound `target`.
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] is generated by
  [`Gl::clear_named_buffer_data`] if `buffer` is not the name of an
  existing buffer object.
- [`gl::INVALID_ENUM`] is generated if `internalformat` is not one of
  the valid sized internal formats listed in the table above.
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] is generated if any part of the specified
  range of the buffer object is mapped with [`Gl::map_buffer_range`] or
  [`Gl::map_buffer`], unless it was mapped with the
  [`gl::MAP_PERSISTENT_BIT`] bit set in the [`Gl::map_buffer_range`]
  `access` flags.
- [`gl::INVALID_VALUE`] is generated if `format` is not a valid format,
  or `type` is not a valid type.

## See Also
- [`Gl::clear_buffer_sub_data`]
