# glCopyBufferSubData
copy all or part of the data store of a buffer object to the data
  store of another buffer object

## Parameters
- `readTarget`
  Specifies the target to which the source buffer object is bound for
  [`Gl::copy_buffer_sub_data`]

## Description
[`Gl::copy_buffer_sub_data`] and [`Gl::copy_named_buffer_sub_data`]
  copy part of the data store attached to a source buffer object to the
  data store attached to a destination buffer object. The number of
  basic machine units indicated by `size` is copied from the source at
  offset `readOffset` to the destination at `writeOffset`. `readOffset`,
  `writeOffset` and `size` are in terms of basic machine units.
For [`Gl::copy_buffer_sub_data`], `readTarget` and `writeTarget`
  specify the targets to which the source and destination buffer objects
  are bound, and must each be one of the buffer binding targets in the
  following table:
Any of these targets may be used, but the targets
  [`gl::COPY_READ_BUFFER`] and [`gl::COPY_WRITE_BUFFER`] are provided
  specifically to allow copies between buffers without disturbing other
  GL state.
`readOffset`, `writeOffset` and `size` must all be greater than or
  equal to zero. Furthermore, $readOffset+size$ must not exceeed the
  size of the source buffer object, and $writeOffset+size$ must not
  exceeed the size of the buffer bound to `writeTarget`. If the source
  and destination are the same buffer object, then the source and
  destination ranges must not overlap.

## Notes
The [`gl::DISPATCH_INDIRECT_BUFFER`] and [`gl::SHADER_STORAGE_BUFFER`]
  targets are available only if the GL version is 4.3 or greater.
The [`gl::QUERY_BUFFER`] target is available only if the GL version is
  4.4 or greater.

## Errors
- [`gl::INVALID_ENUM`] is generated by [`Gl::copy_buffer_sub_data`] if
  `readTarget` or `writeTarget` is not one of the buffer binding targets
  listed above.
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] is generated by [`Gl::copy_buffer_sub_data`]
  if zero is bound to `readTarget` or `writeTarget`.
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] is generated by
  [`Gl::copy_named_buffer_sub_data`] if `readBuffer` or `writeBuffer` is
  not the name of an existing buffer object.
- [`gl::INVALID_VALUE`] is generated if any of `readOffset`,
  `writeOffset` or `size` is negative, if $readOffset + size$ is greater
  than the size of the source buffer object (its value of
  [`gl::BUFFER_SIZE`]), or if $writeOffset + size$ is greater than the
  size of the destination buffer object.
- [`gl::INVALID_VALUE`] is generated if the source and destination are
  the same buffer object, and the ranges $[readOffset,readOffset+size)$
  and $[writeOffset,writeOffset+size)$ overlap.
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] is generated if either the source or
  destination buffer object is mapped with [`Gl::map_buffer_range`] or
  [`Gl::map_buffer`], unless they were mapped with the
  [`gl::MAP_PERSISTENT`] bit set in the [`Gl::map_buffer_range`]
  `access` flags.

## See Also
- [`Gl::gen_buffers`]
- [`Gl::bind_buffer`]
- [`Gl::buffer_data`]
- [`Gl::buffer_sub_data`]
- [`Gl::get_buffer_sub_data`]
- [`Gl::map_buffer`]
- [`Gl::map_buffer_range`]
