# glDebugMessageControl
control the reporting of debug messages in a debug context

## Parameters
- `source`
  The source of debug messages to enable or disable.

## Description
[`Gl::debug_message_control`] controls the reporting of debug messages
  generated by a debug context. The parameters `source`, `type` and
  `severity` form a filter to select messages from the pool of potential
  messages generated by the GL.
`source` may be [`gl::DEBUG_SOURCE_API`],
  [`gl::DEBUG_SOURCE_WINDOW_SYSTEM_`],
  [`gl::DEBUG_SOURCE_SHADER_COMPILER`],
  [`gl::DEBUG_SOURCE_THIRD_PARTY`], [`gl::DEBUG_SOURCE_APPLICATION`],
  [`gl::DEBUG_SOURCE_OTHER`] to select messages generated by usage of
  the GL API, the window system, the shader compiler, third party tools
  or libraries, explicitly by the application or by some other source,
  respectively. It may also take the value [`gl::DONT_CARE`]. If
  `source` is not [`gl::DONT_CARE`] then only messages whose source
  matches `source` will be referenced.
`type` may be one of [`gl::DEBUG_TYPE_ERROR`],
  [`gl::DEBUG_TYPE_DEPRECATED_BEHAVIOR`],
  [`gl::DEBUG_TYPE_UNDEFINED_BEHAVIOR`], [`gl::DEBUG_TYPE_PORTABILITY`],
  [`gl::DEBUG_TYPE_PERFORMANCE`], [`gl::DEBUG_TYPE_MARKER`],
  [`gl::DEBUG_TYPE_PUSH_GROUP`], [`gl::DEBUG_TYPE_POP_GROUP`], or
  [`gl::DEBUG_TYPE_OTHER`] to indicate the type of messages describing
  GL errors, attempted use of deprecated features, triggering of
  undefined behavior, portability issues, performance notifications,
  markers, group push and pop events, and other types of messages,
  respectively. It may also take the value [`gl::DONT_CARE`]. If `type`
  is not [`gl::DONT_CARE`] then only messages whose type matches `type`
  will be referenced.
`severity` may be one of [`gl::DEBUG_SEVERITY_LOW`],
  [`gl::DEBUG_SEVERITY_MEDIUM`], or [`gl::DEBUG_SEVERITY_HIGH`] to
  select messages of low, medium or high severity messages or to
  [`gl::DEBUG_SEVERITY_NOTIFICATION`] for notifications. It may also
  take the value [`gl::DONT_CARE`]. If `severity` is not
  [`gl::DONT_CARE`] then only messages whose severity matches `severity`
  will be referenced.
`ids` contains a list of `count` message identifiers to select
  specific messages from the pool of available messages. If `count` is
  zero then the value of `ids` is ignored. Otherwise, only messages
  appearing in this list are selected. In this case, `source` and `type`
  may not be [`gl::DONT_CARE`] and `severity` must be [`gl::DONT_CARE`].
If `enabled` is [`gl::TRUE`] then messages that match the filter
  formed by `source`, `type`, `severity` and `ids` are enabled.
  Otherwise, those messages are disabled.

## Notes
Although debug messages may be enabled in a non-debug context, the
  quantity and detail of such messages may be substantially inferior to
  those in a debug context. In particular, a valid implementation of the
  debug message queue in a non-debug context may produce no messages at
  all.
[`gl::DEBUG_TYPE_MARKER`], [`gl::DEBUG_TYPE_PUSH_GROUP`],
  [`gl::DEBUG_TYPE_POP_GROUP`], and [`gl::DEBUG_SEVERITY_NOTIFICATION`]
  are available only if the GL version is 4.3 or higher.

## Errors
- [`gl::INVALID_VALUE`] is generated if `count` is negative.
- [`gl::INVALID_ENUM`] is generated if any of `source`, `type` or
  `severity` is not one of the accepted interface types.
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] is generated if `count` is non-zero and
  either `source` or `type` is [`gl::DONT_CARE`] or if `severity` is not
  [`gl::DONT_CARE`].

## See Also
- [`Gl::debug_message_insert`]
- [`Gl::debug_message_callback`]
- [`Gl::get_debug_message_log`]
