# glEnable
enable or disable server-side GL capabilities

## Parameters
- `cap`
  Specifies a symbolic constant indicating a GL capability.

## Description
[`Gl::enable`] and [`Gl::disable`] enable and disable various
  capabilities. Use [`Gl::is_enabled`] or [`Gl::get`] to determine the
  current setting of any capability. The initial value for each
  capability with the exception of [`gl::DITHER`] and
  [`gl::MULTISAMPLE`] is [`gl::FALSE`]. The initial value for
  [`gl::DITHER`] and [`gl::MULTISAMPLE`] is [`gl::TRUE`].
Both [`Gl::enable`] and [`Gl::disable`] take a single argument, `cap`,
  which can assume one of the following values:
Some of the GL's capabilities are indexed. [`Gl::enablei`] and
  [`Gl::disablei`] enable and disable indexed capabilities.

## Errors
- [`gl::INVALID_ENUM`] is generated if `cap` is not one of the values
  listed previously.
- [`gl::INVALID_VALUE`] is generated by [`Gl::enablei`] and
  [`Gl::disablei`] if `index` is greater than or equal to the number of
  indexed capabilities for `cap`.

## Notes
[`gl::PRIMITIVE_RESTART`] is available only if the GL version is 3.1
  or greater.
[`gl::TEXTURE_CUBE_MAP_SEAMLESS`] is available only if the GL version
  is 3.2 or greater.
[`gl::PRIMITIVE_RESTART_FIXED_INDEX`] is available only if the GL
  version is 4.3 or greater.
[`gl::DEBUG_OUTPUT`] and [`gl::DEBUG_OUTPUT_SYNCHRONOUS`] are
  available only if the GL version is 4.3 or greater.
Any token accepted by [`Gl::enable`] or [`Gl::disable`] is also
  accepted by [`Gl::enablei`] and [`Gl::disablei`], but if the
  capability is not indexed, the maximum value that `index` may take is
  zero.
In general, passing an indexed capability to [`Gl::enable`] or
  [`Gl::disable`] will enable or disable that capability for all
  indices, resepectively.

## See Also
- [`Gl::active_texture`]
- [`Gl::blend_func`]
- [`Gl::cull_face`]
- [`Gl::depth_func`]
- [`Gl::depth_range`]
- [`Gl::get`]
- [`Gl::is_enabled`]
- [`Gl::line_width`]
- [`Gl::logic_op`]
- [`Gl::point_size`]
- [`Gl::polygon_mode`]
- [`Gl::polygon_offset`]
- [`Gl::sample_coverage`]
- [`Gl::scissor`]
- [`Gl::stencil_func`]
- [`Gl::stencil_op`]
- [`Gl::tex_image1d`]
- [`Gl::tex_image2d`]
- [`Gl::tex_image3d`]
