# glFlushMappedBufferRange
indicate modifications to a range of a mapped buffer

## Parameters
- `target`
  Specifies the target to which the buffer object is bound for
  [`Gl::flush_mapped_buffer_range`], which must be one of the buffer
  binding targets in the following table:

## Description
[`Gl::flush_mapped_buffer_range`] indicates that modifications have
  been made to a range of a mapped buffer object. The buffer object must
  previously have been mapped with the [`gl::MAP_FLUSH_EXPLICIT_BIT`]
  flag.
`offset` and `length` indicate the modified subrange of the mapping,
  in basic machine units. The specified subrange to flush is relative to
  the start of the currently mapped range of the buffer. These commands
  may be called multiple times to indicate distinct subranges of the
  mapping which require flushing.
If a buffer range is mapped with both [`gl::MAP_PERSISTENT_BIT`] and
  [`gl::MAP_FLUSH_EXPLICIT_BIT`] set, then these commands may be called
  to ensure that data written by the client into the flushed region
  becomes visible to the server. Data written to a coherent store will
  always become visible to the server after an unspecified period of
  time.

## Notes
The [`gl::DISPATCH_INDIRECT_BUFFER`] and [`gl::SHADER_STORAGE_BUFFER`]
  targets are available only if the GL version is 4.3 or greater.
The [`gl::QUERY_BUFFER`] target is available only if the GL version is
  4.4 or greater.

## Errors
- [`gl::INVALID_ENUM`] is generated by [`Gl::flush_mapped_buffer_range`]
  if `target` is not one of the buffer binding targets listed above.
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] is generated by
  [`Gl::flush_mapped_buffer_range`] if zero is bound to `target`.
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] is generated by
  [`Gl::flush_mapped_named_buffer_range`] if `buffer` is not the name of
  an existing buffer object.
- [`gl::INVALID_VALUE`] is generated if `offset` or `length` is
  negative, or if `offset` + `length` exceeds the size of the mapping.
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] is generated if the buffer object is not
  mapped, or is mapped without the [`gl::MAP_FLUSH_EXPLICIT_BIT`] flag.

## See Also
- [`Gl::map_buffer_range`]
- [`Gl::map_buffer`]
- [`Gl::unmap_buffer`]
