# glFramebufferRenderbuffer
attach a renderbuffer as a logical buffer of a framebuffer object

## Parameters
- `target`
  Specifies the target to which the framebuffer is bound for
  [`Gl::framebuffer_renderbuffer`].

## Description
[`Gl::framebuffer_renderbuffer`] and
  [`Gl::named_framebuffer_renderbuffer`] attaches a renderbuffer as one
  of the logical buffers of the specified framebuffer object.
  Renderbuffers cannot be attached to the default draw and read
  framebuffer, so they are not valid targets of these commands.
For [`Gl::framebuffer_renderbuffer`], the framebuffer object is that
  bound to `target`, which must be [`gl::DRAW_FRAMEBUFFER`],
  [`gl::READ_FRAMEBUFFER`] or [`gl::FRAMEBUFFER`]. [`gl::FRAMEBUFFER`]
  is equivalent to [`gl::DRAW_FRAMEBUFFER`].
For [`Gl::named_framebuffer_renderbuffer`], `framebuffer` is the name
  of the framebuffer object.
`renderbuffertarget` must be [`gl::RENDERBUFFER`].
`renderbuffer` must be zero or the name of an existing renderbuffer
  object of type `renderbuffertarget`. If `renderbuffer` is not zero,
  then the specified renderbuffer will be used as the logical buffer
  identified by `attachment` of the specified framebuffer object. If
  `renderbuffer` is zero, then the value of `renderbuffertarget` is
  ignored.
`attachment` specifies the logical attachment of the framebuffer and
  must be [`gl::COLOR_ATTACHMENT`]*i*, [`gl::DEPTH_ATTACHMENT`],
  [`gl::STENCIL_ATTACHMENT`] or [`gl::DEPTH_STENCIL_ATTACHMENT`]. *i* in
  may range from zero to the value of [`gl::MAX_COLOR_ATTACHMENTS`]
  minus one. Setting `attachment` to the value
  [`gl::DEPTH_STENCIL_ATTACHMENT`] is a special case causing both the
  depth and stencil attachments of the specified framebuffer object to
  be set to `renderbuffer`, which should have the base internal format
  [`gl::DEPTH_STENCIL`].
The value of [`gl::FRAMEBUFFER_ATTACHMENT_OBJECT_TYPE`] for the
  specified attachment point is set to [`gl::RENDERBUFFER`] and the
  value of [`gl::FRAMEBUFFER_ATTACHMENT_OBJECT_NAME`] is set to
  `renderbuffer`. All other state values of specified attachment point
  are set to their default values. No change is made to the state of the
  renderbuuffer object and any previous attachment to the `attachment`
  logical buffer of the specified framebuffer object is broken.
If `renderbuffer` is zero, these commands will detach the image, if
  any, identified by the specified attachment point of the specified
  framebuffer object. All state values of the attachment point are set
  to their default values.

## Errors
- [`gl::INVALID_ENUM`] is generated by [`Gl::framebuffer_renderbuffer`]
  if `target` is not one of the accepted framebuffer targets.
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] is generated by
  [`Gl::framebuffer_renderbuffer`] if zero is bound to `target`.
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] is generated by
  [`Gl::named_framebuffer_renderbuffer`] if `framebuffer` is not the
  name of an existing framebuffer object.
- [`gl::INVALID_ENUM`] is generated if `attachment` is not one of the
  accepted attachment points.
- [`gl::INVALID_ENUM`] is generated if `renderbuffertarget` is not
  [`gl::RENDERBUFFER`].
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] is generated if `renderbuffertarget` is not
  zero or the name of an existing renderbuffer object of type
  [`gl::RENDERBUFFER`].

## See Also
- [`Gl::gen_framebuffers`]
- [`Gl::bind_framebuffer`]
- [`Gl::gen_renderbuffers`]
- [`Gl::framebuffer_texture`]
