# glGetPixelMap
return the specified pixel map

## Parameters
- `map`
  Specifies the name of the pixel map to return. Accepted values are
  [`gl::PIXEL_MAP_I_TO_I`], [`gl::PIXEL_MAP_S_TO_S`],
  [`gl::PIXEL_MAP_I_TO_R`], [`gl::PIXEL_MAP_I_TO_G`],
  [`gl::PIXEL_MAP_I_TO_B`], [`gl::PIXEL_MAP_I_TO_A`],
  [`gl::PIXEL_MAP_R_TO_R`], [`gl::PIXEL_MAP_G_TO_G`],
  [`gl::PIXEL_MAP_B_TO_B`], and [`gl::PIXEL_MAP_A_TO_A`].

## Description
See the [`Gl::pixel_map`] reference page for a description of the
  acceptable values for the `map` parameter. [`Gl::get_pixel_map`]
  returns in `data` the contents of the pixel map specified in `map`.
  Pixel maps are used during the execution of [`Gl::read_pixels`],
  [`Gl::draw_pixels`], [`Gl::copy_pixels`], [`Gl::tex_image1d`],
  [`Gl::tex_image2d`], [`Gl::tex_image3d`], [`Gl::tex_sub_image1d`],
  [`Gl::tex_sub_image2d`], [`Gl::tex_sub_image3d`],
  [`Gl::copy_tex_image1d`], [`Gl::copy_tex_image2d`],
  [`Gl::copy_tex_sub_image1d`], [`Gl::copy_tex_sub_image2d`], and
  [`Gl::copy_tex_sub_image3d`]. to map color indices, stencil indices,
  color components, and depth components to other values.
If a non-zero named buffer object is bound to the
  [`gl::PIXEL_PACK_BUFFER`] target (see [`Gl::bind_buffer`]) while a
  pixel map is requested, `data` is treated as a byte offset into the
  buffer object's data store.
Unsigned integer values, if requested, are linearly mapped from the
  internal fixed or floating-point representation such that 1.0 maps to
  the largest representable integer value, and 0.0 maps to 0. Return
  unsigned integer values are undefined if the map value was not in the
  range [0,1].
To determine the required size of `map`, call [`Gl::get`] with the
  appropriate symbolic constant.

## Notes
If an error is generated, no change is made to the contents of `data`.

## Errors
- [`gl::INVALID_ENUM`] is generated if `map` is not an accepted value.
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] is generated if a non-zero buffer object
  name is bound to the [`gl::PIXEL_PACK_BUFFER`] target and the buffer
  object's data store is currently mapped.
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] is generated if a non-zero buffer object
  name is bound to the [`gl::PIXEL_PACK_BUFFER`] target and the data
  would be packed to the buffer object such that the memory writes
  required would exceed the data store size.
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] is generated by [`Gl::get_pixel_mapfv`] if a
  non-zero buffer object name is bound to the [`gl::PIXEL_PACK_BUFFER`]
  target and `data` is not evenly divisible into the number of bytes
  needed to store in memory a GLfloat datum.
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] is generated by [`Gl::get_pixel_mapuiv`] if
  a non-zero buffer object name is bound to the
  [`gl::PIXEL_PACK_BUFFER`] target and `data` is not evenly divisible
  into the number of bytes needed to store in memory a GLuint datum.
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] is generated by [`Gl::get_pixel_mapusv`] if
  a non-zero buffer object name is bound to the
  [`gl::PIXEL_PACK_BUFFER`] target and `data` is not evenly divisible
  into the number of bytes needed to store in memory a GLushort datum.
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] is generated if [`Gl::get_pixel_map`] is
  executed between the execution of [`Gl::begin`] and the corresponding
  execution of [`Gl::end`].

## See Also
- [`Gl::color_sub_table`]
- [`Gl::color_table`]
- [`Gl::convolution_filter1d`]
- [`Gl::convolution_filter2d`]
- [`Gl::copy_color_sub_table`]
- [`Gl::copy_color_table`]
- [`Gl::copy_pixels`]
- [`Gl::copy_tex_image1d`]
- [`Gl::copy_tex_image2d`]
- [`Gl::copy_tex_sub_image1d`]
- [`Gl::copy_tex_sub_image2d`]
- [`Gl::copy_tex_sub_image3d`]
- [`Gl::draw_pixels`]
- [`Gl::get_histogram`]
- [`Gl::get_minmax`]
- [`Gl::get_tex_image`]
- [`Gl::pixel_map`]
- [`Gl::pixel_transfer`]
- [`Gl::read_pixels`]
- [`Gl::separable_filter2d`]
- [`Gl::tex_image1d`]
- [`Gl::tex_image1d`]
- [`Gl::tex_image2d`]
- [`Gl::tex_image2d`]
- [`Gl::tex_image3d`]
- [`Gl::tex_sub_image1d`]
- [`Gl::tex_sub_image2d`]
- [`Gl::tex_sub_image3d`]
