# glGetBufferSubData
returns a subset of a buffer object's data store

## Parameters
- `target`
  Specifies the target to which the buffer object is bound for
  [`Gl::get_buffer_sub_data`], which must be one of the buffer binding
  targets in the following table:

## Description
[`Gl::get_buffer_sub_data`] and [`Gl::get_named_buffer_sub_data`]
  return some or all of the data contents of the data store of the
  specified buffer object. Data starting at byte offset `offset` and
  extending for `size` bytes is copied from the buffer object's data
  store to the memory pointed to by `data`. An error is thrown if the
  buffer object is currently mapped, or if `offset` and `size` together
  define a range beyond the bounds of the buffer object's data store.

## Notes
If an error is generated, no change is made to the contents of `data`.
The [`gl::ATOMIC_COUNTER_BUFFER`] target is available only if the GL
  version is 4.2 or greater.
The [`gl::DISPATCH_INDIRECT_BUFFER`] and [`gl::SHADER_STORAGE_BUFFER`]
  targets are available only if the GL version is 4.3 or greater.
The [`gl::QUERY_BUFFER`] target is available only if the GL version is
  4.4 or greater.

## Errors
- [`gl::INVALID_ENUM`] is generated by [`Gl::get_buffer_sub_data`] if
  `target` is not one of the generic buffer binding targets.
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] is generated by [`Gl::get_buffer_sub_data`]
  if zero is bound to `target`.
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] is generated by
  [`Gl::get_named_buffer_sub_data`] if `buffer` is not the name of an
  existing buffer object.
- [`gl::INVALID_VALUE`] is generated if `offset` or `size` is negative,
  or if $offset + size$ is greater than the value of [`gl::BUFFER_SIZE`]
  for the buffer object.
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] is generated if the buffer object is mapped
  with [`Gl::map_buffer_range`] or [`Gl::map_buffer`], unless it was
  mapped with the [`gl::MAP_PERSISTENT_BIT`] bit set in the
  [`Gl::map_buffer_range`] `access` flags.

## See Also
- [`Gl::bind_buffer`]
- [`Gl::buffer_data`]
- [`Gl::buffer_sub_data`]
- [`Gl::map_buffer`]
- [`Gl::unmap_buffer`]
