# glGetFramebufferParameteriv
query a named parameter of a framebuffer object

## Parameters
- `target`
  Specifies the target to which the framebuffer object is bound for
  [`Gl::get_framebuffer_parameteriv`].

## Description
[`Gl::get_framebuffer_parameteriv`] and
  [`Gl::get_named_framebuffer_parameteriv`] query parameters of a
  specified framebuffer object.
For [`Gl::get_framebuffer_parameteriv`], the framebuffer object is
  that bound to `target`, which must be one of [`gl::DRAW_FRAMEBUFFER`],
  [`gl::READ_FRAMEBUFFER`] or [`gl::FRAMEBUFFER`]. [`gl::FRAMEBUFFER`]
  is equivalent to [`gl::DRAW_FRAMEBUFFER`]. Default framebuffers may
  also be queried if bound to `target`.
For [`Gl::get_named_framebuffer_parameteriv`], `framebuffer` is the
  name of the framebuffer object. If `framebuffer` is zero, the default
  draw framebuffer is queried.
Upon successful return, `param` will contain the value of the
  framebuffer parameter specified by `pname`, as described below.
The following parameters can only be queried for framebuffer objects:
The following parameters can be queried for both default framebuffers
  and framebuffer objects:

## Notes
Queries of default framebuffers are supported only if the GL version
  is 4.5 or higher. Otherwise, an [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] error is
  generated.
Queries of the framebuffer-dependent parameters [`gl::DOUBLEBUFFER`],
  [`gl::IMPLEMENTATION_COLOR_READ_FORMAT`],
  [`gl::IMPLEMENTATION_COLOR_READ_TYPE`], [`gl::SAMPLES`],
  [`gl::SAMPLE_BUFFERS`] and [`gl::STEREO`] are supported only if the GL
  version is 4.5 or higher.
The framebuffer-dependent state [`gl::SAMPLE_POSITION`] cannot be
  queried with these commands.

## Errors
- [`gl::INVALID_ENUM`] is generated by
  [`Gl::get_framebuffer_parameteriv`] if `target` is not one of the
  accepted framebuffer targets.
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] is generated by
  [`Gl::get_named_framebuffer_attachment_parameteriv`] if `framebuffer`
  is not zero or the name of an existing framebuffer object.
- [`gl::INVALID_ENUM`] is generated if `pname` is not one of the
  accepted parameter names.
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] is generated if a default framebuffer is
  queried, and `pname` is not one of [`gl::DOUBLEBUFFER`],
  [`gl::IMPLEMENTATION_COLOR_READ_FORMAT`],
  [`gl::IMPLEMENTATION_COLOR_READ_TYPE`], [`gl::SAMPLES`],
  [`gl::SAMPLE_BUFFERS`] or [`gl::STEREO`].

## See Also
- [`Gl::framebuffer_parameteri`]
- [`Gl::get_framebuffer_attachment_parameter`]
