# glGetString
return a string describing the current GL connection

## Parameters
- `name`
  Specifies a symbolic constant, one of [`gl::VENDOR`],
  [`gl::RENDERER`], [`gl::VERSION`], or
  [`gl::SHADING_LANGUAGE_VERSION`]. Additionally, [`Gl::get_stringi`]
  accepts the [`gl::EXTENSIONS`] token.

## Description
[`Gl::get_string`] returns a pointer to a static string describing
  some aspect of the current GL connection. `name` can be one of the
  following:
[`Gl::get_stringi`] returns a pointer to a static string indexed by
  `index`. `name` can be one of the following:
Strings [`gl::VENDOR`] and [`gl::RENDERER`] together uniquely specify
  a platform. They do not change from release to release and should be
  used by platform-recognition algorithms.
The [`gl::VERSION`] and [`gl::SHADING_LANGUAGE_VERSION`] strings begin
  with a version number. The version number uses one of these forms:
*major_number.minor_number* *major_number.minor_number.release_number*
Vendor-specific information may follow the version number. Its format
  depends on the implementation, but a space always separates the
  version number and the vendor-specific information.
All strings are null-terminated.

## Notes
If an error is generated, [`Gl::get_string`] returns 0.
The client and server may support different versions.
  [`Gl::get_string`] always returns a compatible version number. The
  release number always describes the server.

## Errors
- [`gl::INVALID_ENUM`] is generated if `name` is not an accepted value.
- [`gl::INVALID_VALUE`] is generated by [`Gl::get_stringi`] if `index`
  is outside the valid range for indexed state `name`.

## See Also
