# glGetFramebufferAttachmentParameteriv
retrieve information about attachments of a framebuffer object

## Parameters
- `target`
  Specifies the target to which the framebuffer object is bound for
  [`Gl::get_framebuffer_attachment_parameteriv`].

## Description
[`Gl::get_framebuffer_attachment_parameteriv`] and
  [`Gl::get_named_framebuffer_attachment_parameteriv`] return parameters
  of attachments of a specified framebuffer object.
For [`Gl::get_framebuffer_attachment_parameteriv`], the framebuffer
  object is that bound to `target`, which must be one of
  [`gl::DRAW_FRAMEBUFFER`], [`gl::READ_FRAMEBUFFER`] or
  [`gl::FRAMEBUFFER`]. [`gl::FRAMEBUFFER`] is equivalent to
  [`gl::DRAW_FRAMEBUFFER`]. Buffers of default framebuffers may also be
  queried if bound to `target`.
For [`Gl::get_named_framebuffer_attachment_parameteriv`],
  `framebuffer` is the name of the framebuffer object. If `framebuffer`
  is zero, the default draw framebuffer is queried.
If the specified framebuffer is a framebuffer object, `attachment`
  must be one of [`gl::DEPTH_ATTACHMENT`], [`gl::STENCIL_ATTACHMENT`]
  [`gl::DEPTH_STENCIL_ATTACHMENT`], or [`gl::COLOR_ATTACHMENT`]*i*,
  where *i* is between zero and the value of
  [`gl::MAX_COLOR_ATTACHMENTS`] minus one.
If the specified framebuffer is a default framebuffer, `target`,
  `attachment` must be one of [`gl::FRONT_LEFT`], [`gl::FRONT_RIGHT`],
  [`gl::BACK_LEFT`], [`gl::BACK_RIGHT`], [`gl::DEPTH`] or
  [`gl::STENCIL`], identifying the corresponding buffer.
If `attachment` is [`gl::DEPTH_STENCIL_ATTACHMENT`], the same object
  must be bound to both the depth and stencil attachment points of the
  framebuffer object, and information about that object is returned.
Upon successful return, if `pname` is
  [`gl::FRAMEBUFFER_ATTACHMENT_OBJECT_TYPE`], then `params` will contain
  one of [`gl::NONE`], [`gl::FRAMEBUFFER_DEFAULT`], [`gl::TEXTURE`], or
  [`gl::RENDERBUFFER`], identifying the type of object which contains
  the attached image. Other values accepted for `pname` depend on the
  type of object, as described below.
If the value of [`gl::FRAMEBUFFER_ATTACHMENT_OBJECT_TYPE`] is
  [`gl::NONE`], then either no framebuffer is bound to `target`; or a
  default framebuffer is queried, `attachment` is [`gl::DEPTH`] or
  [`gl::STENCIL`], and the number of depth or stencil bits,
  respectively, is zero. In this case querying `pname`
  [`gl::FRAMEBUFFER_ATTACHMENT_OBJECT_NAME`] will return zero, and all
  other queries will generate an error.
If the value of [`gl::FRAMEBUFFER_ATTACHMENT_OBJECT_TYPE`] is not
  [`gl::NONE`], these queries apply to all other framebuffer types:
If the value of [`gl::FRAMEBUFFER_ATTACHMENT_OBJECT_TYPE`] is
  [`gl::RENDERBUFFER`], then
If the value of [`gl::FRAMEBUFFER_ATTACHMENT_OBJECT_TYPE`] is
  [`gl::TEXTURE`], then

## Notes
The [`gl::FRAMEBUFFER_ATTACHMENT_LAYERED`] query is supported only if
  the GL version is 3.2 or greater.

## Errors
- [`gl::INVALID_ENUM`] is generated by
  [`Gl::get_framebuffer_attachment_parameteriv`] if `target` is not one
  of the accepted framebuffer targets.
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] is generated by
  [`Gl::get_named_framebuffer_attachment_parameteriv`] if `framebuffer`
  is not zero or the name of an existing framebuffer object.
- [`gl::INVALID_ENUM`] is generated if `pname` is not valid for the
  value of [`gl::FRAMEBUFFER_ATTACHMENT_OBJECT_TYPE`], as described
  above.
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] is generated if `attachment` is not one of
  the accepted framebuffer attachment points, as described above.
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] is generated if the value of
  [`gl::FRAMEBUFFER_ATTACHMENT_OBJECT_TYPE`] is [`gl::NONE`] and `pname`
  is not [`gl::FRAMEBUFFER_ATTACHMENT_OBJECT_NAME`] or
  [`gl::FRAMEBUFFER_ATTACHMENT_OBJECT_TYPE`].
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] is generated if `attachment` is
  [`gl::DEPTH_STENCIL_ATTACHMENT`] and different objects are bound to
  the depth and stencil attachment points of `target`.
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] is generated if `attachment` is
  [`gl::DEPTH_STENCIL_ATTACHMENT`] and `pname` is
  [`gl::FRAMEBUFFER_ATTACHMENT_COMPONENT_TYPE`].

## See Also
- [`Gl::gen_framebuffers`]
- [`Gl::bind_framebuffer`]
- [`Gl::get_framebuffer_parameter`]
