# glGenerateMipmap
generate mipmaps for a specified texture object

## Parameters
- `target`
  Specifies the target to which the texture object is bound for
  [`Gl::generate_mipmap`]. Must be one of [`gl::TEXTURE_1D`],
  [`gl::TEXTURE_2D`], [`gl::TEXTURE_3D`], [`gl::TEXTURE_1D_ARRAY`],
  [`gl::TEXTURE_2D_ARRAY`], [`gl::TEXTURE_CUBE_MAP`], or
  [`gl::TEXTURE_CUBE_MAP_ARRAY`].

## Description
[`Gl::generate_mipmap`] and [`Gl::generate_texture_mipmap`] generates
  mipmaps for the specified texture object. For [`Gl::generate_mipmap`],
  the texture object that is bound to `target`. For
  [`Gl::generate_texture_mipmap`], `texture` is the name of the texture
  object.
For cube map and cube map array textures, the texture object must be
  cube complete or cube array complete respectively.
Mipmap generation replaces texel image levels $level_{base} + 1$
  through $q$ with images derived from the $level_{base}$ image,
  regardless of their previous contents. All other mimap images,
  including the $level_{base}$ image, are left unchanged by this
  computation.
The internal formats of the derived mipmap images all match those of
  the $level_{base}$ image. The contents of the derived images are
  computed by repeated, filtered reduction of the $level_{base}$ image.
  For one- and two-dimensional array and cube map array textures, each
  layer is filtered independently.

## Notes
Cube map array textures are accepted only if the GL version is 4.0 or
  higher.

## Errors
- [`gl::INVALID_ENUM`] is generated by [`Gl::generate_mipmap`] if
  `target` is not one of the accepted texture targets.
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] is generated by
  [`Gl::generate_texture_mipmap`] if `texture` is not the name of an
  existing texture object.
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] is generated if `target` is
  [`gl::TEXTURE_CUBE_MAP`] or [`gl::TEXTURE_CUBE_MAP_ARRAY`], and the
  specified texture object is not cube complete or cube array complete,
  respectively.

## See Also
- [`Gl::tex_image2d`]
- [`Gl::bind_texture`]
- [`Gl::gen_textures`]
