# glInvalidateFramebuffer
invalidate the content of some or all of a framebuffer's attachments

## Parameters
- `target`
  Specifies the target to which the framebuffer object is attached for
  [`Gl::invalidate_framebuffer`].

## Description
[`Gl::invalidate_framebuffer`] and
  [`Gl::invalidate_named_framebuffer_data`] invalidate the entire
  contents of a specified set of attachments of a framebuffer.
For [`Gl::invalidate_framebuffer`], the framebuffer object is that
  bound to `target`. `target` must be [`gl::FRAMEBUFFER`],
  [`gl::READ_FRAMEBUFFER`] or [`gl::DRAW_FRAMEBUFFER`].
  [`gl::FRAMEBUFFER`] is equivalent to [`gl::DRAW_FRAMEBUFFER`]. Default
  framebuffers may also be invalidated if bound to `target`.
For [`Gl::invalidate_named_framebuffer_data`], `framebuffer` is the
  name of the framebuffer object. If `framebuffer` is zero, the default
  draw framebuffer is affected.
The set of attachments whose contents are to be invalidated are
  specified in the `attachments` array, which contains `numAttachments`
  elements.
If the specified framebuffer is a framebuffer object, each element of
  `attachments` must be one of [`gl::DEPTH_ATTACHMENT`],
  [`gl::STENCIL_ATTACHMENT`] [`gl::DEPTH_STENCIL_ATTACHMENT`], or
  [`gl::COLOR_ATTACHMENT`]*i*, where *i* is between zero and the value
  of [`gl::MAX_FRAMEBUFFER_ATTACHMENTS`] minus one.
If the specified framebuffer is a default framebuffer, each element of
  `attachments` must be one of [`gl::FRONT_LEFT`], [`gl::FRONT_RIGHT`],
  [`gl::BACK_LEFT`], [`gl::BACK_RIGHT`], [`gl::AUX`]*i*, [`gl::ACCUM`],
  [`gl::COLOR`], [`gl::DEPTH`], or [`gl::STENCIL`]. [`gl::COLOR`], is
  treated as [`gl::BACK_LEFT`] for a double-buffered context and
  [`gl::FRONT_LEFT`] for a single-buffered context. The other
  attachments identify the corresponding specific buffer.
The entire contents of each specified attachment become undefined
  after execution of [`Gl::invalidate_framebuffer`] or
  [`Gl::invalidate_named_framebuffer_data`].
If the framebuffer object is not complete,
  [`Gl::invalidate_framebuffer`] and
  [`Gl::invalidate_named_framebuffer_data`] may be ignored. This is not
  an error.

## Errors
- [`gl::INVALID_ENUM`] is generated by [`Gl::invalidate_framebuffer`] if
  `target` is not one of the accepted framebuffer targets.
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] is generated by
  [`Gl::invalidate_named_framebuffer_data`] if `framebuffer` is not zero
  or the name of an existing framebuffer object.
- [`gl::INVALID_VALUE`] is generated if `numAttachments` is negative.
- [`gl::INVALID_ENUM`] is generated if any element of `attachments` is
  not one of the accepted framebuffer attachment points, as described
  above.
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] is generated if element of `attachments` is
  [`gl::COLOR_ATTACHMENT`]*m* where *m* is greater than or equal to the
  value of [`gl::MAX_COLOR_ATTACHMENTS`].

## See Also
- [`Gl::invalidate_tex_sub_image`]
- [`Gl::invalidate_tex_image`]
- [`Gl::invalidate_buffer_sub_data`]
- [`Gl::invalidate_buffer_data`]
- [`Gl::invalidate_sub_framebuffer`]
