# glNewList
create or replace a display list

## Parameters
- `list`
  Specifies the display-list name.

## Description
Display lists are groups of GL commands that have been stored for
  subsequent execution. Display lists are created with [`Gl::new_list`].
  All subsequent commands are placed in the display list, in the order
  issued, until [`Gl::end_list`] is called.
[`Gl::new_list`] has two arguments. The first argument, `list`, is a
  positive integer that becomes the unique name for the display list.
  Names can be created and reserved with [`Gl::gen_lists`] and tested
  for uniqueness with [`Gl::is_list`]. The second argument, `mode`, is a
  symbolic constant that can assume one of two values:
Certain commands are not compiled into the display list but are
  executed immediately, regardless of the display-list mode. These
  commands are [`Gl::are_textures_resident`], [`Gl::color_pointer`],
  [`Gl::delete_lists`], [`Gl::delete_textures`],
  [`Gl::disable_client_state`], [`Gl::edge_flag_pointer`],
  [`Gl::enable_client_state`], [`Gl::feedback_buffer`], [`Gl::finish`],
  [`Gl::flush`], [`Gl::gen_lists`], [`Gl::gen_textures`],
  [`Gl::index_pointer`], [`Gl::interleaved_arrays`], [`Gl::is_enabled`],
  [`Gl::is_list`], [`Gl::is_texture`], [`Gl::normal_pointer`],
  [`Gl::pop_client_attrib`], [`Gl::pixel_store`],
  [`Gl::push_client_attrib`], [`Gl::read_pixels`], [`Gl::render_mode`],
  [`Gl::select_buffer`], [`Gl::tex_coord_pointer`],
  [`Gl::vertex_pointer`], and all of the [`Gl::get`] commands.
Similarly, [`Gl::tex_image1d`], [`Gl::tex_image2d`], and
  [`Gl::tex_image3d`] are executed immediately and not compiled into the
  display list when their first argument is [`gl::PROXY_TEXTURE_1D`],
  [`gl::PROXY_TEXTURE_1D`], or [`gl::PROXY_TEXTURE_3D`], respectively.
When the ```c ARB_imaging ``` extension is supported,
  [`Gl::histogram`] executes immediately when its argument is
  [`gl::PROXY_HISTOGRAM`]. Similarly, [`Gl::color_table`] executes
  immediately when its first argument is [`gl::PROXY_COLOR_TABLE`],
  [`gl::PROXY_POST_CONVOLUTION_COLOR_TABLE`], or
  [`gl::PROXY_POST_COLOR_MATRIX_COLOR_TABLE`].
For OpenGL versions 1.3 and greater, or when the ```c ARB_multitexture
  ``` extension is supported, [`Gl::client_active_texture`] is not
  compiled into display lists, but executed immediately.
When [`Gl::end_list`] is encountered, the display-list definition is
  completed by associating the list with the unique name `list`
  (specified in the [`Gl::new_list`] command). If a display list with
  name `list` already exists, it is replaced only when [`Gl::end_list`]
  is called.

## Notes
[`Gl::call_list`] and [`Gl::call_lists`] can be entered into display
  lists. Commands in the display list or lists executed by
  [`Gl::call_list`] or [`Gl::call_lists`] are not included in the
  display list being created, even if the list creation mode is
  [`gl::COMPILE_AND_EXECUTE`].
A display list is just a group of commands and arguments, so errors
  generated by commands in a display list must be generated when the
  list is executed. If the list is created in [`gl::COMPILE`] mode,
  errors are not generated until the list is executed.

## Errors
- [`gl::INVALID_VALUE`] is generated if `list` is 0.
- [`gl::INVALID_ENUM`] is generated if `mode` is not an accepted value.
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] is generated if [`Gl::end_list`] is called
  without a preceding [`Gl::new_list`], or if [`Gl::new_list`] is called
  while a display list is being defined.
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] is generated if [`Gl::new_list`] or
  [`Gl::end_list`] is executed between the execution of [`Gl::begin`]
  and the corresponding execution of [`Gl::end`].
- [`gl::OUT_OF_MEMORY`] is generated if there is insufficient memory to
  compile the display list. If the GL version is 1.1 or greater, no
  change is made to the previous contents of the display list, if any,
  and no other change is made to the GL state. (It is as if no attempt
  had been made to create the new display list.)

## See Also
- [`Gl::call_list`]
- [`Gl::call_lists`]
- [`Gl::delete_lists`]
- [`Gl::gen_lists`]
