# glTexSubImage1D
specify a one-dimensional texture subimage

## Parameters
- `target`
  Specifies the target to which the texture is bound for
  [`Gl::tex_sub_image1d`]. Must be [`gl::TEXTURE_1D`].

## Description
Texturing maps a portion of a specified texture image onto each
  graphical primitive for which texturing is enabled. To enable or
  disable one-dimensional texturing, call [`Gl::enable`] and
  [`Gl::disable`] with argument [`gl::TEXTURE_1D`].
[`Gl::tex_sub_image1d`] and [`Gl::texture_sub_image1d`] redefine a
  contiguous subregion of an existing one-dimensional texture image. The
  texels referenced by `pixels` replace the portion of the existing
  texture array with x indices `xoffset` and $None$, inclusive. This
  region may not include any texels outside the range of the texture
  array as it was originally specified. It is not an error to specify a
  subtexture with width of 0, but such a specification has no effect. $$
  $$ *xoffset* *+* *width* *-* 1
If a non-zero named buffer object is bound to the
  [`gl::PIXEL_UNPACK_BUFFER`] target (see [`Gl::bind_buffer`]) while a
  texture image is specified, `pixels` is treated as a byte offset into
  the buffer object's data store.

## Notes
[`Gl::pixel_store`] modes affect texture images.
[`Gl::tex_sub_image1d`] and [`Gl::texture_sub_image1d`] specify a one-
  dimensional subtexture for the current texture unit, specified with
  [`Gl::active_texture`].
[`gl::STENCIL_INDEX`] is accepted for `format` only if the GL version
  is 4.4 or higher.

## Errors
- [`gl::INVALID_ENUM`] is generated if `target` or the effective target
  of `texture` is not one of the allowable values.
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] is generated by [`Gl::texture_sub_image1d`]
  if `texture` is not the name of an existing texture object.
- [`gl::INVALID_ENUM`] is generated if `format` is not an accepted
  format constant.
- [`gl::INVALID_ENUM`] is generated if `type` is not a type constant.
- [`gl::INVALID_VALUE`] is generated if `level` is less than 0.
- [`gl::INVALID_VALUE`] may be generated if `level` is greater than
  $None$ $$ $$ _{None} *log* 2 *max*, where *max* is the returned value
  of [`gl::MAX_TEXTURE_SIZE`].
- [`gl::INVALID_VALUE`] is generated if $None$, or if $$ $$ *xoffset*
  *<* *-* *b* $None$, where $$ $$ ```c ``` *xoffset* *+* *width* *>*
  ```c ``` *w* *-* *b* $None$ is the $$ None $$
  *w*[`gl::TEXTURE_WIDTH`], and $None$ is the width of the $$ None $$
  *b*[`gl::TEXTURE_BORDER`] of the texture image being modified. Note
  that $None$ includes twice the border width. $$ None $$ *w*
- [`gl::INVALID_VALUE`] is generated if `width` is less than 0.
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] is generated if the texture array has not
  been defined by a previous [`Gl::tex_image1d`] operation.
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] is generated if `type` is one of
  [`gl::UNSIGNED_BYTE_3_3_2`], [`gl::UNSIGNED_BYTE_2_3_3_REV`],
  [`gl::UNSIGNED_SHORT_5_6_5`], or [`gl::UNSIGNED_SHORT_5_6_5_REV`] and
  `format` is not [`gl::RGB`].
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] is generated if `type` is one of
  [`gl::UNSIGNED_SHORT_4_4_4_4`], [`gl::UNSIGNED_SHORT_4_4_4_4_REV`],
  [`gl::UNSIGNED_SHORT_5_5_5_1`], [`gl::UNSIGNED_SHORT_1_5_5_5_REV`],
  [`gl::UNSIGNED_INT_8_8_8_8`], [`gl::UNSIGNED_INT_8_8_8_8_REV`],
  [`gl::UNSIGNED_INT_10_10_10_2`], or
  [`gl::UNSIGNED_INT_2_10_10_10_REV`] and `format` is neither
  [`gl::RGBA`] nor [`gl::BGRA`].
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] is generated if `format` is
  [`gl::STENCIL_INDEX`] and the base internal format is not
  [`gl::STENCIL_INDEX`].
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] is generated if a non-zero buffer object
  name is bound to the [`gl::PIXEL_UNPACK_BUFFER`] target and the buffer
  object's data store is currently mapped.
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] is generated if a non-zero buffer object
  name is bound to the [`gl::PIXEL_UNPACK_BUFFER`] target and the data
  would be unpacked from the buffer object such that the memory reads
  required would exceed the data store size.
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] is generated if a non-zero buffer object
  name is bound to the [`gl::PIXEL_UNPACK_BUFFER`] target and `pixels`
  is not evenly divisible into the number of bytes needed to store in
  memory a datum indicated by `type`.

## See Also
- [`Gl::active_texture`]
- [`Gl::copy_tex_image1d`]
- [`Gl::copy_tex_image2d`]
- [`Gl::copy_tex_sub_image1d`]
- [`Gl::copy_tex_sub_image2d`]
- [`Gl::copy_tex_sub_image3d`]
- [`Gl::pixel_store`]
- [`Gl::tex_image1d`]
- [`Gl::tex_image2d`]
- [`Gl::tex_image3d`]
- [`Gl::tex_parameter`]
- [`Gl::tex_sub_image2d`]
- [`Gl::tex_sub_image3d`]
