# glTexBuffer
attach a buffer object's data store to a buffer texture object

## Parameters
- `target`
  Specifies the target to which the texture is bound for
  [`Gl::tex_buffer`]. Must be [`gl::TEXTURE_BUFFER`].

## Description
[`Gl::tex_buffer`] and [`Gl::texture_buffer`] attaches the data store
  of a specified buffer object to a specified texture object, and
  specify the storage format for the texture image found in the buffer
  object. The texture object must be a buffer texture.
If `buffer` is zero, any buffer object attached to the buffer texture
  is detached and no new buffer object is attached. If `buffer` is non-
  zero, it must be the name of an existing buffer object.
`internalformat` specifies the storage format, and must be one of the
  following sized internal formats:
When a buffer object is attached to a buffer texture, the buffer
  object's data store is taken as the texture's texel array. The number
  of texels in the buffer texture's texel array is given by $$
  \left\lfloor { size \over { components \times sizeof(base\_type) } }
  \right\rfloor $$ where $size$ is the size of the buffer object in
  basic machine units (the value of [`gl::BUFFER_SIZE`] for `buffer`),
  and $components$ and $base\_type$ are the element count and base data
  type for elements, as specified in the table above. The number of
  texels in the texel array is then clamped to the value of the
  implementation-dependent limit [`gl::MAX_TEXTURE_BUFFER_SIZE`]. When a
  buffer texture is accessed in a shader, the results of a texel fetch
  are undefined if the specified texel coordinate is negative, or
  greater than or equal to the clamped number of texels in the texel
  array.

## Errors
- [`gl::INVALID_ENUM`] is generated by [`Gl::tex_buffer`] if `target` is
  not [`gl::TEXTURE_BUFFER`].
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] is generated by [`Gl::texture_buffer`] if
  `texture` is not the name of an existing texture object.
- [`gl::INVALID_ENUM`] is generated by [`Gl::texture_buffer`] if the
  effective target of `texture` is not [`gl::TEXTURE_BUFFER`].
- [`gl::INVALID_ENUM`] is generated if `internalformat` is not one of
  the sized internal formats described above.
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] is generated if `buffer` is not zero and is
  not the name of an existing buffer object.

## See Also
- [`Gl::gen_buffers`]
- [`Gl::bind_buffer`]
- [`Gl::buffer_data`]
- [`Gl::delete_buffers`]
- [`Gl::gen_textures`]
- [`Gl::bind_texture`]
- [`Gl::delete_textures`]
