# glTexBufferRange
attach a range of a buffer object's data store to a buffer texture
  object

## Parameters
- `target`
  Specifies the target to which the texture object is bound for
  [`Gl::tex_buffer_range`]. Must be [`gl::TEXTURE_BUFFER`].

## Description
[`Gl::tex_buffer_range`] and [`Gl::texture_buffer_range`] attach a
  range of the data store of a specified buffer object to a specified
  texture object, and specify the storage format for the texture image
  found in the buffer object. The texture object must be a buffer
  texture.
If `buffer` is zero, any buffer object attached to the buffer texture
  is detached and no new buffer object is attached. If `buffer` is non-
  zero, it must be the name of an existing buffer object.
The start and size of the range are specified by `offset` and `size`
  respectively, both measured in basic machine units. `offset` must be
  greater than or equal to zero, `size` must be greater than zero, and
  the sum of `offset` and `size` must not exceed the value of
  [`gl::BUFFER_SIZE`] for `buffer`. Furthermore, `offset` must be an
  integer multiple of the value of
  [`gl::TEXTURE_BUFFER_OFFSET_ALIGNMENT`].
`internalformat` specifies the storage format, and must be one of the
  following sized internal formats:
When a range of a buffer object is attached to a buffer texture, the
  specified range of the buffer object's data store is taken as the
  texture's texel array. The number of texels in the buffer texture's
  texel array is given by $$ \left\lfloor { size \over { components
  \times sizeof(base\_type) } } \right\rfloor $$ where $components$ and
  $base\_type$ are the element count and base data type for elements, as
  specified in the table above. The number of texels in the texel array
  is then clamped to the value of the implementation-dependent limit
  [`gl::MAX_TEXTURE_BUFFER_SIZE`]. When a buffer texture is accessed in
  a shader, the results of a texel fetch are undefined if the specified
  texel coordinate is negative, or greater than or equal to the clamped
  number of texels in the texel array.

## Errors
- [`gl::INVALID_ENUM`] is generated by [`Gl::tex_buffer_range`] if
  `target` is not [`gl::TEXTURE_BUFFER`].
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] is generated by [`Gl::texture_buffer_range`]
  if `texture` is not the name of an existing texture object.
- [`gl::INVALID_ENUM`] is generated by [`Gl::texture_buffer_range`] if
  the effective target of `texture` is not [`gl::TEXTURE_BUFFER`].
- [`gl::INVALID_ENUM`] is generated if `internalformat` is not one of
  the sized internal formats described above.
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] is generated if `buffer` is not zero and is
  not the name of an existing buffer object.
- [`gl::INVALID_VALUE`] is generated if `offset` is negative, if `size`
  is less than or equal to zero, or if `offset` + `size` is greater than
  the value of [`gl::BUFFER_SIZE`] for `buffer`.
- [`gl::INVALID_VALUE`] is generated if `offset` is not an integer
  multiple of the value of [`gl::TEXTURE_BUFFER_OFFSET_ALIGNMENT`].

## See Also
- [`Gl::tex_buffer`]
