# glUnmapBuffer
release the mapping of a buffer object's data store into the client's
  address space

## Parameters
- `target`
  Specifies the target to which the buffer object is bound for
  [`Gl::unmap_buffer`], which must be one of the buffer binding targets
  in the following table:

## Description
[`Gl::unmap_buffer`] and [`Gl::unmap_named_buffer`] unmap (release)
  any mapping of a specified buffer object into the client's address
  space (see [`Gl::map_buffer_range`] and [`Gl::map_buffer`]).
If a mapping is not unmapped before the corresponding buffer object's
  data store is used by the GL, an error will be generated by any GL
  command that attempts to dereference the buffer object's data store,
  unless the buffer was successfully mapped with
  [`gl::MAP_PERSISTENT_BIT`] (see [`Gl::map_buffer_range`]). When a data
  store is unmapped, the mapped pointer becomes invalid.
[`Gl::unmap_buffer`] returns [`gl::TRUE`] unless the data store
  contents have become corrupt during the time the data store was
  mapped. This can occur for system-specific reasons that affect the
  availability of graphics memory, such as screen mode changes. In such
  situations, [`gl::FALSE`] is returned and the data store contents are
  undefined. An application must detect this rare condition and
  reinitialize the data store.
A buffer object's mapped data store is automatically unmapped when the
  buffer object is deleted or its data store is recreated with
  [`Gl::buffer_data`]).

## Notes
If an error is generated, [`Gl::unmap_buffer`] returns [`gl::FALSE`].
The [`gl::ATOMIC_COUNTER_BUFFER`] target is accepted only if the GL
  version is 4.2 or greater.
The [`gl::DISPATCH_INDIRECT_BUFFER`] and [`gl::SHADER_STORAGE_BUFFER`]
  targets are available only if the GL version is 4.3 or greater.
The [`gl::QUERY_BUFFER`] target is available only if the GL version is
  4.4 or greater.

## Errors
- [`gl::INVALID_ENUM`] is generated by [`Gl::unmap_buffer`] if `target`
  is not one of the buffer binding targets listed above.
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] is generated by [`Gl::unmap_buffer`] if zero
  is bound to `target`.
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] is generated by [`Gl::unmap_named_buffer`]
  if `buffer` is not the name of an existing buffer object.
- [`gl::INVALID_OPERATION`] is generated if the buffer object is not in
  a mapped state.

## See Also
- [`Gl::buffer_data`]
- [`Gl::delete_buffers`]
- [`Gl::map_buffer`]
- [`Gl::map_buffer_range`]
