# glXSelectEvent
select GLX events for a window or a GLX pixel buffer

## Parameters
- `dpy`
  Specifies the connection to the X server.

## Description
[`Gl::x_select_event`] sets the GLX event mask for a GLX pixel buffer
  or a window. Calling [`Gl::x_select_event`] overrides any previous
  event mask that was set by the client for `draw`. Note that it does
  not affect the event masks that other clients may have specified for
  `draw` since each client rendering to `draw` has a separate event mask
  for it.
Currently, only one GLX event, [`GLX_PBUFFER_CLOBBER_MASK`], can be
  selected. The following data is returned to the client when a
  [`GLX_PBUFFER_CLOBBER_MASK`] event occurs:
typedef struct {
} GLXPbufferClobberEvent; The valid bit masks used in *buffer_mask*
  are:

A single X server operation can cause several buffer clobber events to
  be sent. (e.g., a single GLX pixel buffer may be damaged and cause
  multiple buffer clobber events to be generated). Each event specifies
  one region of the GLX drawable that was affected by the X Server
  operation. The *buffer_mask* field indicates which color buffers and
  ancillary buffers were affected. All the buffer clobber events
  generated by a single X server action are guaranteed to be contiguous
  in the event queue. The conditions under which this event is generated
  and the *event_type* varies, depending on the type of the GLX
  drawable.
When the [`GLX_AUX_BUFFERS_BIT`] is set in *buffer_mask*, then
  *aux_buffer* is set to indicate which buffer was affected. If more
  than one aux buffer was affected, then additional events are generated
  as part of the same contiguous event group. Each additional event will
  have only the [`GLX_AUX_BUFFERS_BIT`] set in *buffer_mask*, and the
  *aux_buffer* field will be set appropriately. For nonstereo drawables,
  [`GLX_FRONT_LEFT_BUFFER_BIT`] and [`GLX_BACK_LEFT_BUFFER_BIT`] are
  used to specify the front and back color buffers.
For preserved GLX pixel buffers, a buffer clobber event with type
  [`GLX_SAVED`] is generated whenever the contents of the GLX pixel
  buffer is moved out of offscreen memory. The event(s) describes which
  portions of the GLX pixel buffer were affected. Clients who receive
  many buffer clobber events, referring to different save actions,
  should consider freeing the GLX pixel buffer resource in order to
  prevent the system from thrashing due to insufficient resources.
For an unpreserved GLXPbuffer, a buffer clobber event, with type
  [`GLX_DAMAGED`], is generated whenever a portion of the GLX pixel
  buffer becomes invalid. The client may wish to regenerate the invalid
  portions of the GLX pixel buffer.
For Windows, buffer clobber events, with type [`GLX_SAVED`], occur
  whenever an ancillary buffer, associated with the window, gets
  clobbered or moved out of off-screen memory. The event contains
  information indicating which color buffers and ancillary
  buffers\(emand which portions of those buffers\(emwere affected.

## Notes
[`Gl::x_select_event`] is available only if the GLX version is 1.3 or
  greater.
If the GLX version is 1.1 or 1.0, the GL version must be 1.0. If the
  GLX version is 1.2, then the GL version must be 1.1. If the GLX
  version is 1.3, then the GL version must be 1.2.

## Errors
- [`GLXBadDrawable`] is generated if `draw` is not a valid window or a
  valid GLX pixel buffer.

## See Also
- [`Gl::x_create_pbuffer`]
